hey everyone so in this video I'm gonna
go over how I take notes and study for
exams so first I love to use mild liners
which are these highlighters by zebra
they are super pretty come in great
colors and I love how they're dual sided
so one side is thick for bigger
highlighting and the other is more
skinny for smaller highlighting and then
for actually writing I use the Muji 0.5
millimeter pens these are amazing
I get them in bulk and I've really never
written with anything else in college so
the first thing that I do when I set out
to study is I plan exactly how long I'm
going to study for and I also do
something called the Pomodoro method
which I just learned which basically
means that if you spend 25 minutes doing
one task set a timer and then take a
five minute break and then repeat that
for four times and then after four times
to take a 30 minute break and this just
helps you divide up tasks and conquer
and makes everything so much more
approachable and I find that taking
breaks helps refresh my mind so the
first thing I do when I'm going to study
is I go over my notes so these are my
psychology notes and I just review
everything in preparation for the test
and make sure I understand everything
from the lecture and if I don't then
I'll go over it with the textbook and I
like to cross-reference to and make sure
that I have everything in my notes so
during lecture I try to get everything
down as neatly as possible which can be
tough when the professor is going really
quickly but I do my best and I always
use a pen and then a single highlighter
color of the day and I'll highlight the
key ideas and like the headers
and all box key terms and definitions
and I also like to make graphs um charts
just to make it visually appealing and I
find I learned better that way and then
I'll also draw boxes and cloud doodles
and other designs and drawings just to
help with organization and highlight
some key terms and when I'm studying it
can be really easy to forget to take
care of myself
but this semester especially I've been
prioritizing my health a lot more so
luckily care of is a wellness brand that
I've been using that makes it so much
easier to get all the essential
nutrients and they're actually
partnering with me on today's video so
to join it's super easy you just take
their five-minute online quiz and answer
questions about your diet and lifestyle
and then you will get research-based
recommendations
that's all personalized to you and since
I'm a student the quiz recommended
vitamins to help support my energy and
my brain function to help me with school
and then they also recommended a veggie
omega-3 and a b12 because of my
plant-based diet so they'll take your
diet into consideration as well
so if you want to try them out and get
25% off your first care of order go to
take care of comm and enter in the promo
codes Deana 25 so when I'm writing my
notes in lecture I always start with a
title header and I like to make a little
banner to make it fancy and pretty and
then I'll just write the title of the
lecture in the banner and then on the
side the subject week and lecture number
and I always put the date as well so
that I can come back and reference
easily and then I always start by
writing any definitions that come up I
use a little equal sign and then I will
box the term and I find that this just
makes it super easy when going back over
the notes to find the words that I need
to know in the definitions that I need
to know and then I also try to recreate
any sort of tables or visuals that are
included in the lecture because I find
that I learned better that way and they
also look really pretty and organized in
your notes
and then I always write using bullets
and I use a little arrow underneath to
write any points that are related to the
main bullet and I always write bullet
points under a main header so I know the
subject of what we're discussing and I
always highlight first two for the
headers and then write over it because I
don't like smears and I find that
writing and then highlighting over
creates a lot of smears and I like to
switch up fonts to I think it just makes
it more fun sometimes I write in all
capitals sometimes all lowercase
sometimes in cursive I like how with
switching up the font you can place
emphasis on different words that you
don't necessarily want to highlight and
then I also love making diagrams
whenever possible because I am a very
visual learner and then if there's ever
a break in the lecture when I'm not
taking notes I like to add little
doodles to
and then after lecture I always try to
review my notes and go over everything
and make sure it all makes sense and
then in preparation for the exam I will
go over the corresponding chapters in my
textbook and I will again highlight
using the mild liners I usually use two
colors one for definitions and like
terms in bold and the other for any key
phrases or key ideas and then using the
key terms from the chapter and from my
notes I will make a Quizlet and then I
will test myself using the Quizlet and
if there's any terms I don't remember or
concepts I don't understand I add them
to like a key ideas or key terms list so
that way I can figure out where the gaps
in my understanding and my learning are
and I'll keep repeating this like test
and recall method until I don't have
anymore definitions that I don't
understand or that I keep missing and
then I know I'm ready for the test
so this is the note-taking and studying
method that I've used throughout all of
college and even a lot of high school
and it really works for me so I hope it
also works for you guys if you decide to
try it out so yeah that's it for this
video guys
and I hope you enjoyed